Update FAQ.md (#979)
cirruslabs/tart: docs/faq.md

## Nested virtualization support?

Tart is limited by functionality of Apple's `Virtualization.Framework`. At the moment `Virtualization.Framework`

> support nested virtualization only with M3 chip or M4 running on MacOS 15. By default it's disabled, see `tart run --help` for more information.

Reviewer: Some grammar corrections and provide a hint to the `--nested` flag to the user straight away

```suggestion
supports nested virtualization only on M3 or M4 chips running macOS 15 (Sequoia). By default, it is disabled, but can be enabled by passing the `--nested` flag to `tart run`.
```
